oh you're dining in paris with a full
belly of french onion soup and a
mouthful of double chocolate souffle
okay enough of that bad accent the
waiter approaches asking how your meal
was
and mouthful you give a satisfied
expression
and make the a-ok gesture you expect to
see happiness on the waiter's face
but he looks at you with irritation well
it turns out that making a circle with
your index finger and thumb
does not mean okay in certain countries
in france
it means zero or worthless instead of
praising the delicious food
you called it worthless oops
in venezuela turkey and brazil it's a
hand gesture you shouldn't use either
in these countries this is a sign that
will offend pretty much
anyone you flash it at nuff said just
give them your biggest smile
and wait till you finish what's in your
mouth to give your proper thanks
all over the world giving a thumbs up is
seen as a positive thing
it's an expression of your liking
towards something that
everything is good in parts of italy
west africa
iran and greece though it carries a
stigma as an
incredibly offensive gesture when
visiting malaysia
you use this digit to point at things so
next time you're trying to hitchhike in
these countries
you should reconsider sticking your
thumb out for a ride
you might never get picked up trying to
order two of anything
or showing someone the peace sign in the
uk australia or new zealand is
fine as long as you don't have your hand
the wrong way
do this just you're wrong and you're
giving a very offensive hand signal
which isn't going to win you many
friends so make sure that when you have
your index and middle fingers pointed up
in the v
shape your palm is facing outwards and
you'll have a great time mate
bowing is used a lot in east asian
cultures to greet each other and guests
the deeper the bow is the more respect
you are being given
fortunately most japanese don't expect
foreigners to understand the bowing
etiquette
right away they'll generally also accept
a handshake
or a nod but being familiar and
practicing your bowing etiquette before
going to japan
will impress all the locals how low
can you go using your index fingers is
considered
impolite in several european latin
american and
african nations it's particularly rude
in china japan and indonesia when
pointing at a person
the gesture might be taken as you
singling someone out to blame or
insult them if you ask for directions in
the philippines
you might be left scratching your head
wondering where they're pointing
don't be alarmed the locals use their
lips instead of raising their hands
when in doubt wherever you are in the
world just gesture toward a person or
place
using your entire hand you might think
that sticking your pinky finger out
makes you look fancy
but in china it's frowned upon this
gesture is the same as giving a thumbs
down
and meaning that something is making you
unhappy
when taking photos with others you want
to be respectful and don't want to make
any obscene hand gestures two gestures
to avoid
in particular are sticking up only your
pinky finger
and pointing at something with a dirty
object like a used fork or a chopstick
now it's fun to eat with chopsticks but
you might accidentally cause a fence if
you put them down the wrong way
when you're in china south korea or
japan don't make the mistake of sticking
your chopsticks
upright in a bowl of rice this is
considered bad
luck if you have to put your chopsticks
down
simply place them on the side or across
the bowl instead
likewise when eating in south korea or
china
don't ask someone to pass you some food
in these countries
you have to join in the action and grab
what food you desire
and you're not going to offend anyone if
you take that last bite either
in some places it's acceptable to blow
your nose while at the dinner table
not all of us are even prepared for the
sudden trickle of the
nose but as long as you excuse yourself
and turn away
everything is okay except if you're
vacationing in japan
china or south korea where the chiles
can make your nose runny very quickly
so never blow your nose in public if you
must clear your nostrils
consider leaving the table and blowing
your nose in the restroom
or hiding away from any other observers
while being quiet
it's considered rude and unhygienic to
the people around
you always use a paper tissue not a
handkerchief
and throw it away after use fiji is one
of the top destinations in the world
beautiful beaches and friendly people
spending your vacation on this island
you're bound to meet a few local fijians
that'll want to shake your hand for a
very
long time it's customary to hold your
hand for the entire time that you're
exchanging greetings
no matter how long you should also make
sure not to pull away too quickly
it's considered very rude if you end the
handshake abruptly
if you are in india you put your hands
together instead of shaking a person's
hand
holding your hands in a prayer formation
tilt your head down slightly
and greet the person with namaste with
your hands close to your chest
crossing your arms means nothing in most
countries
maybe you're cold bored or it just feels
more comfortable
in finland though it's likely to send
the wrong kind of message
having your arms crossed means major
disrespect
finnish people see this as a sign of
arrogance and defiance
it's done mainly to tell the people
around you that you're looking for
trouble yikes this body language will be
taken as a
dare so you're likely to be confronted
if you do it
specifically avoid crossing your arms at
people directly
you don't want to cause any trouble if
you're over there on holiday
it might be tempting to shake hands with
a person as soon as you meet them in
russia
but if it's in a doorway forget about it
it's not the end of the world if you
forget this simple rule
but some russian people consider it to
be very unlucky
step all the way through the doorway
before you extend your hand for a
handshake
this goes for restaurants homes shops
and just about
anywhere else you can think of with a
doorway
avoid this simple mistake and you'll
save yourself some trouble
and bad luck the head is the most sacred
part of the body in thailand
so patting anyone on the head can be
seen as a serious offense
in the united states patting or ruffling
someone's hair is meant to be playful
or even an indication that someone's
done a good job
but in thailand it's best to keep your
hands away from other people's heads
to avoid disrespecting or making them
feel unclean
it's also wise to not point with your
toes as
feet are considered the dirtiest part of
the body well on holiday
the last thing you want to be doing is
insulting people
looking at your watch in the middle of a
conversation can be considered extremely
rude in the middle east
it looks like you're in a hurry to get
away from the person you're talking to
even if you've got an appointment for
something you don't want to be rude
let the conversation run its natural
course before checking the time
in arabic culture once communication has
started
it must take its time get it
don't ever use the palm out fingers up
stop gesture in greece
you might not like the outcome if you do
this to a local
this gesture is a huge insult to greeks
a stigma that dates back to the
byzantine times
likewise in south korea don't hail a cab
or wave someone over to you with your
palm facing up
if you do you might be stuck there for
hours
waving your hand like that is how
koreans summon their dogs
the proper way to wave is to stick your
arm out while having your palm
facing down and moving your head up and
down vertically
this isn't the only thing to keep in
mind in south korea
if someone older than you offers a drink
the proper etiquette is to receive it
with both hands
and then turn your head away as you take
the first sip
it's a show of respect and respecting
one's elders is taken
very seriously in south korea
hey want to have your very own bright
side to your hoodie
click the link below to choose your pick